all right labelled up versus infectious
these guys were from Manchester
I know infectious is from Manchester
here in the UK level up is definitely
from the UK back out giving us away
top player top player I mean the Asians
are looking good right now we need one
or two an m24 we do not want to see
another can and I'm a final round
definitely want to see those guys one or
two in the top four you know one or two
to be fair final round actually was
fantastic American American presence
were my own about New York guys that
personally kill their true all right
we're in
and as the general saying it my main
concern for detainees matters - I hear a
hell of a lot more garrison is the
damage of move it just a problem I mean
once you go get so nuts that's back
damage right now when you guys are got
me so these end up we applying pressure
on the gas I think you're the only
troubles know you could be in so high or
others like your kidneys helps and stuff
they're gonna be a walkway say for walk
so you know ass gonna be potentially
speeding say narrator like guarantee
let's do these though good point
oh my Dave helling counter-hit stand tap
into here clap too far away to get him
water
thankfully for the Bell he's keeping him
out here Becks just looking up get
uncomfortable yes one way when I was
dangerously muscle was right there
you missed the reversal time in a piggy
to eat I wasn't guaranteed SVD oh well
that was also going to avoid the corner
as well because teaches week makeup game
I'm gonna surprise oh no again sent by
day 3 3 guess all of this I said oh my
what oh hey this heats right
you caught the first one but I think
we've been able catch the second one
there northern stability honor that e^x
ruffian kick is yeah Airport yeah I love
them together in the early stages oh
yeah just keep them away Oh keep um I
was like more native snakes to the
starfish you get all jug water yeah oh
yeah yeah
the fireball infectious with mafia ray
no he does not care he just wants to get
in it is relevant did it that again in
just one Ravel things he said any class
it capsule back or walking lessons from
my fridge either because that's gonna
get SP need so he's a no these are a
real tough situation for this must have
been the whoops good on paper firewall
time to versus you go but you know with
the damage or the heavy punches will be
just so far emigrate yeah yeah I
couldn't agree more I feel like no
matter how well it looks for the Bell
any minute it is a cut around railroad
by looking for their I just can't take
my boo Bibles Ida gets dumped haha
we'll find it use different face gonna
live right yeah you're way way back yang
subject all wake up ultra
sign up there gonna be enough or get
fucked for his troubles Oh walk around a
piece here what's the appropriate
punishment for Hugo it might hit me
blocked a yeah fuck it any topic I
believe you can just stop we're on and
Wanda any club homeboy once
really what we're going off team to get
the heavy punch fuck when a tier 1 so
displays height the doctors feared it
okay nice liaison feet there let's try
to tackle my hips as well he's on train
stay away that's who is like with us
match up you really can't afford hold I
was course without headed punches all
the way in the jaw nearly so keep them a
little nice weight as well although what
you doing over there he is free in free
for those votes Chris 100 percent
success rate so far meat so much squash
right now and again we'll bill went for
heavy kick oh three oh I mean oh come on
infectious he's just in your head Ritu
spent the whole set chasing deer who
chased the whole set but then when it
mattered the most
dinner marrow organs he lives I win I
don't know one runs later what ended
like that what a ring
it's the netbook opposite of the firebox
to being as a point now if you identify
that you was gonna do that last week so
let me start corner none on great our
brows jab County here in dear great open
up in the throw back kick that's where
you working yeah lovely antiaromatic
adventures will be there really a
negative one hit 200 is for a 400 yes
yeah or the skin above this thing look
like a fireball now available pain
against the rocks Reno he knows he
doesn't want them anywhere near on his
back you promote and I just think he's
playing for passive right there it does
need to throw more fireballs in Eastern
met some payments and maybe maybe just
get inputs over as well I think when
when you guys are that bonus we keep
them on the screen yeah the fireballs on
the screen makes it so much harder for
your opponent when they can't punish
this reaction when they smacks range
links or mastopexy but you don't want to
stay in that range for much for me is
where they stayed here keep them there
Alexis miss an old fraud are we great
anything I can he needs to catch a break
or north now gets in your head with
their hand so many troubles right now Oh
- isn't red in the river they all this
is a exchanged as Maine is not everyone
can we do something about us special
woman he's against their infectious as
much white rhino Wow
this could be a bit of a losing fragile
muttering love you guys again Chandra
woody to inspire more so as well because
the latest Superbook and run through
that yeah so we're gonna hear that yeah
go be careful with a so so Becky so
another viable on another one how easy
is it to punishments will squeeze I
think once he sees it that certainly
DJ's not got the best country on
fireballs he's probably like second to
chunk and that Saudi arranged so a super
step we're gonna run through it helped I
don't think the verses keep in mind no
whore my goodness
oniisan necklaces and he needs us round
he needs us room to just stick to just
gonna get our baby beaver all that John
Pierpont such good priority for a DJ
normal it's a different way this is the
start of the comeback or at least it
open right now
confidence wise you really need about
then purchased all my thesis or son
stand until strong enough stanzas drunk
what you do ever you want the casinos
are you heard of me
that's the mortar for me yeah when you
come on pressure it I've got a bro let's
solve it or next bike that corporal
Velva or nice onyx back that's for an
affectional Oh Cal here grasp on North
link rare dropping with Lexus that was
risky as well for this is walking you
give is accelerating its Meister and the
Bell really make it auto right reads
right now but still scary just again
that you need keep on going Oh any
survive oh goodness five and five X's
left oh gosh animal yet oh oh just as
you said it dad out my oh good grief ah
it's so painful in a Poisson ya know you
could have gone away you could have you
could have been three DS 80s video